Important Dates:
 You can add and drop classes without penalty until the
 	end of the 2nd week of classes.
 You can withdraw or change grading options until the end
 	of the 8th week of classes.
 You can find the year's important dates on the Registrar's
 	website, the Student Guide and other places too.
 Your Freshman midterm grades will be posted in October.
 The schedule for Fall Finals gets posted around
 	Thanksgiving break.
 Class sign-ups for the Spring will open after Thanksgiving
 Check your email for more information!

	Remember to check your email!
 Click anywhere to continue 
 Click the button again to return to the game.
Advisor Advice:
 Your advisor is NOT your Guidance Counselor!
 You can find YOUR advisor by logging on to UDSIS.
	You should email them and introduce yourself!
 Not sure what classes you should take next semester? 
	Consult your advisor!
 Your major not working out for you?
	The advisor will have a lot of useful information!
 Not sure about your career path? 
	Yup, your advisor can help with that too!
 What should you bring to your advisement meeting?
	Yourself and anything related to what you're talking about!

	Remember to check your email!
 Click anywhere to continue
 Click the button again to return to the game.
Advisor Advice:        Part 2
 What should you NOT bring to your advisement meeting?
     Your homework! 
          It's not their job to help you with it!
Having emotional difficulty adjusting?
    Don't go to your advisor!
        Contact the University's Counseling Center
            They're trained to help!
 Sick and can't make it to class?
    Email your professor, not your advisor!
		And head over to Student Health!
			Just don't go to class sick!

	Remember to check your email!
 Click anywhere to continue.
 Click the button again to return to the game.
Can Anybody Help Me?:
 Need help writing a paper or making a resume?
	Check out the Writing Center in 016 Memorial Hall!
 Need help dealing with some heavy emotional stuff?
 	Call up the Counseling Center!
Looking to find an internship or some work over a summer?
	Go to the Career Services Center
 Concerned about an injury or pre-existing condition? 
	Contact Disability Support Services
 Feeling ill?
  	Make an appointment with Student Health Services!
 Struggling in Math? 
	Go to the Math Tutorial Lab in 053 McKinley Lab

 Click anywhere to continue
 Click the button again to return to the game.
... Even the Kitchen Sink:
 Wondering exactly what you'll need to graduate?
	 Check out UDSIS's Advisement Report
 Thinking of adding a minor or a dual major?
	UDSIS's What-If Report is just for that!
Check out the Course Catalog to see what
	courses will be offered next semester!
Wondering about the University's Policies?
	The Registrar's website has got you covered!
Have some fun but don't forget to study hard!

	Don't forget to check your email.
		No really, like Daily
		
 Click anywhere to continue
 Click the button again to return to the game.